Updated RBAC Resources Section (#4779)
gravitational/teleport: docs/4.4/enterprise/ssh-rbac.md

```

## Teleport Resources

> RBACs lets teams limit what resources are available to teleport users. This can be

Reviewer: `RBACs` to `RBAC`

helpful if you don't want regular users editing SSO `auth_connector` or creating and

> editing new roles `role`.

Reviewer: RBACs to RBAC

Can we also insert `for example` for the next sentence, so that we don't imply editing sso and roles is the only thing we can limit. 
```
This can be helpful if for example, you don't want regular users editing SSO `auth_connector` or creating and
editing new roles `role`.
```

> RBACs lets teams limit what resources are available to teleport users. This can be
> helpful if you don't want regular users editing SSO `auth_connector` or creating and
> editing new roles `role`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
RBAC lets teams limit what resources are available to Teleport users. This can be
helpful if you don't want regular users editing SSO (`auth_connector`), for example,
or creating and editing new roles (`role`).
```

Author: ( Added this myself )

> As list of all options is below.

Reviewer: `As list of all options is below.` to `List of all options defined below.`?

Author: Thanks, Added.

> As list of all options is below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A list of all options is below:
```

```yaml
  allow:
    rules:

>     # Can create and list Teleport Roles.

Reviewer: This description comments implies, the following setting can only create and list (same thing with others)

rules:
  - resources: [session]
    verbs: [list, read]
  allow:
    rules:
    # Can create and list Teleport Roles.
    - resources:
      - role
      verbs:
      - list
      - create
      - read
      - update
      - delete
    # Can create and edit SSO connectors.
    - resources:
      - auth_connector
      verbs:
      - list
      - create
      - read
      - update
      - delete
    - resources:
      - session
      verbs:
      - list
      - read
    # Can view trusted clusters. If update / create is set the users can create.
    - resources:
      - trusted_cluster
      verbs:
      - list
      - create
      - read
      - update
      - delete
    # Can view the audit log and session recordings.
    - resources:
      - event
      verbs:
      - list
      - read
```

* "list" determines if a user is allowed to see the list of past sessions.
* "read" determines if a user is allowed to replay a session.

It is possible to restrict "list" but to allow "read" (in this case a user will

> be able to replay a session using `tsh play` if they know the session ID)

Reviewer 2: I think this is still true, why'd we remove it?

Author: I've put this back in as a comment under the RBAC resource

      - read
      - update
      - delete

>     # Can view active sessions.

Reviewer: As far as I experienced, the `session` access is used to control session recordings. Example use case: If session `read` is false, users can't view the recordings
